Add a link to NFS documentation (#885)
ubuntu/authd: docs/howto/use-with-nfs.md

   ```bash
   sudo rm -f /etc/krb5.keytab /tmp/krb5*
   ```

## Additional resources

> For a complete guide to set up NFS on your client and server, see [Network File System (NFS)](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/server/how-to/networking/install-nfs/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a complete guide to setting up NFS on your client and server, see [Network File System (NFS)](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/server/how-to/networking/install-nfs/) in the Ubuntu Server documentation.
```

* "[...] guide to set up [...]" read a little awkwardly to me -- see if you agree with the change
* I think we should indicate that this is an external link to the Server docs
